Avoid fetching of node in markup listener to improve performance (#6089)
sulu/sulu: UPGRADE.md

# Upgrade

## 2.2.11

> ### Migrate role permissions properties
> 
> For performance reasons we need to migrate the permission fields into a single field in PHPCR.
> Run the phpcr migration command which will handle migration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Migrate permissions properties for pages

The role-specific PHPCR properties used for storing page permissions decrease performance when
used in combination with website security. To mitigate the problem and improve performance, all permissions 
are now stored in a single property. 

If you use page-specific permissions in your project, you need to migrate the existing data by running the 
phpcr migration command:
```
